[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2011 film x-men first class
this was the fifth x-men film to come
out from Fox
the x-men films have two timelines check
out the link in the description below
for more clear picture for where this
film falls the summary does rely in part
that you've seen the previous films if
you'd like to see a summary check out
the links below as well as see the
summaries for the other Marvel films
that I have the film opens in 1944 with
the young magneto known at this time is
Erik having bent the metal gates at a
Nazi concentration camp much like the
opening of the first x-men film Erik has
brought into the office of Nazi dr.
Klaus Schmidt who tries to get Erik to
move a metal coin and when he can Eric's
parents are killed Erik's powers
manifest and he kills two guards and
destroys the entire room back in New
York
a young telepath Charles Xavier meets
with the young shapeshifter rape
Xavier invites Raven to live with him as
his foster sister in 1962 Erik is
tracking down dr. Schmidt while Xavier
graduates from college in Las Vegas a
CIA agent
dr. Moira MacTaggert and Colonel Hendry
find dr. Schmidt now known by the name
sebastian shaw in a club with several
other mutants including the telepath
emma frost cyclone producing Riptide and
a teleporter quick know dr. Moira
MacTaggert is the same doctor seen in
the post-credits scenes of x-men The
Last Stand Colonel Hendry is teleported
to the war room in order to try to
persuade the government to move nuclear
missiles to Turkey we also discover that
Shaw is actually an energy-absorbing
mutant and later on ends up killing
Hendry McTaggart takes Xavier and Raven
to the CIA to convince the CIA director
that mutants exist and that Shaw is a
real
threat the mutants are brought to a
secret CIA facility called division X
later on McTaggart and Xavier find Shaw
just as Erick is attacking him
Erica nearly drowns and Shaw escapes
Xavier brings Erick to Division X where
they meet a young mutant scientist named
Hank McCoy with hand-like feet Hank
believes that Ravens DNA may provide a
cure for the altered appearance of some
mutants and investigates this further
Xavier uses Hanks mutant locating device
cerebro to help find more recruits to
fight against Shaw several the recruits
take on new names with Raven adopting
the new name mystique and the frost
Shaw's right hand woman meets with a
Soviet general the USSR where Xavier and
Erik capture her they discover Shaw
means to start World War 3 and bring
mutants to the top over humans division
X is attacked and all the human staff
are killed and Shaw invites the
surviving mutants to join him some
accept some refused and some are killed
Xavier takes the remaining mutants to
his family's mansion for training
meanwhile in Moscow Shaw compels the
USSR to put missiles in Cuba Shaw
wearing a special made helmet to block
telepathy travels with the Soviets to
ensure that the missiles make it through
the u.s. blockade Hank uses the Cure on
himself which backfires causing him to
turn blue and grow hair where he becomes
the character better known as beast the
mutants and McTaggart travelled to the
u.s. blockade line to stop Shaw Erik
uses his powers to lift Shaw's submarine
out of the water and moves it to land a
battle breaks out and Erik takes off
Shaw's helmet allowing Xavier to use his
telekinesis to stop Shaw Erik tell Shaw
that while he agrees with Shaw's
opinions on mutant superiority
he must avenge his mother and kill Shaw
by forcing the Nazi coin from his
childhood through Shaw's brain fearing
the mutants both USSR and the u.s. fire
missiles at the mutants but Erik
reverses their trajectory back of the
ships McTaggart tries to stop Erik by
shooting him which Erica deflects the
bullet and one of the bullets hits
Xavier in the spine
paralyzing him Eric rushes to Xavier
Zaid and while distracted the missiles
fall harmlessly into the ocean Eric ven
leaves taking several of the mutants
with him leaving due to his and Xavier
's different views on mutants and humans
as the film concludes Xavier opens a
school inside of his mansion for mutants
McTaggart vows to never reveal a
Savior's location
Eric adopts the name Magneto and frees
out of a frost so that was the spoilers
for x-men first class if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]